Document release process for workers-shared's asset-worker and router-worker (#8040)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: packages/workers-shared/README.md

For more details please refer to the dedicated README file.

## `Worker Deployment`

Router-worker and asset-worker are both version uploaded through the run `deploy` target in this package, which uploads a new version of these Workers.

There are two ways that the `deploy` script target can be invoked:

- The `changesets` workflow will execute whenever there is a release of `@cloudflare/workers-shared`

> - If a change is needed prior to a workers-shared release, it can be done manually, via the `workers-shared-deploy-production` workflow. This workflow will upload new vesions of asset-worker and router-worker based on the code in the `main` branch. (Note, a duplicate version will be uploaded on the next workers-shared release, if there is an associated changeset)

Reviewer: in the note it says "a duplicate version will be uploaded", but to clarify, it's only duplicate if no changes are made between manually running the workflow and release, correct?

Author: There's no way to know the delta between the code in the deployed version vs. what's in the changeset. A duplicate version would be uploaded when the release happens (the changesets workflow has a 'Deploy non-NPM Packages' target which includes workers-shared), but there's no harm there :)

Author: Discussed on the side-- thanks Liz for a keen eye! Updated the docs accordingly.

Reviewer: thanks @WillTaylorDev !

The pnpm `deploy` script should not be run manually.

> Once new versions are uploaded (through either the manual workflow, or the changesets workflow), they can be safely deployed and monitored using Gradual Rollouts through Healh Mediated Deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once new versions are uploaded (through either the manual workflow, or the changesets workflow), they can be safely deployed and monitored using Gradual Deployments through Health Mediated Deployments.
```

Reviewer 2: Use the proper external name + typo
